# Imprint

## Anbieterkennzeichnung

Anbieterkennzeichnung i. S. d. §5 Telemediengesetz (TMG) und Verantwortlich für den Inhalt nach §55 Abs. 2 Rundfunkstaatsvertrag (RStV):

Hochschulbibliothekszentrum des Landes Nordrhein-Westfalen (hbz)

Jülicher Str. 6
50674 Köln
Deutschland

Tel.: +49 221 400 75-0
Fax.: +49 221 4 00 75-180

E-Mail: [i&#110;f&#111;-hbz&#64;hbz-nrw&#46;&#100;e](mailto:i&#110;f&#111;-hbz&#64;hbz-nrw&#46;&#100;e)
Internet: http://www.hbz-nrw.de
ISIL: DE-605

Umsatzsteuer-Identifikations-Nummer: DE 123486775

 Das Hochschulbibliothekszentrum des Landes Nordrhein-Westfalen ist eine Einrichtung des öffentlichen Rechts. Es wird gesetzlich vertreten durch Dr. Silke Schomburg (Leiterin). Das hbz untersteht der Dienst- und Fachaufsicht des Ministeriums für Innovation, Wissenschaft und Forschung des Landes Nordrhein-Westfalen, Völklinger Straße 49, 40221 Düsseldorf. Inhaltliche Verantwortung gem. § 55 Abs. 2 RStV: Dr. Silke Schomburg (Leiterin).

Haftungshinweis und - ausschluss: Trotz sorgfältiger Kontrolle übernehmen wir keine Haftung für die Inhalte externer Links. Für den Inhalt der verlinkten Seiten sind ausschließlich deren Betreiber verantwortlich.

## <a name="privacy">Privacy policy</a>

OER World Map is a collection of free services by the Hochschulbibliothekszentrum des Landes Nordrhein-Westfalen (hbz), Jülicher Str. 6, 50674 Köln, Germany. The OER World Map is committed to privacy by design and complies with German data protection legislation.

The OER World Map allows you to 
- access its content (A.), where we also do some analytics.
- register as a member of our community, so you can publish information on the OER World Map (B.)
- register for our newsletter (C.)

Depending on your use of the OER World Map different sets of data may be stored, as is described below. 

### A. Accessing the content of the OER World Map
For providing the contents of the OER World Map to you, our server will process your 
- IP-Address
- Browsertype and -version
- Operating system.

#### IT-Security
Solely for the purpose of handling security incidents, this web page automatically stores a log file of the data, which your browser sends when visiting the page, specifically:
- IP-Address
- Browsertype and -version
- Operating system
- Referrer URL (the page, from which this page was linked, including the search term, in case of a search engine)
- Time and date of the request.

#### Web analytics
This website uses [Piwik](https://piwik.org/], a web analytics open-source software. Piwik uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address anonymized prior to its storage) will be stored on the server of the service provider in Germany. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.

You may choose not to have a unique web analytics cookie identification number assigned to your computer to avoid the aggregation and analysis of data collected on this website. To make that choice, please click below to receive an opt-out cookie. 

<iframe style="border: 0; height: 200px; width: 600px;" src="https://porphyrion.hbz-nrw.de/piwik/index.php?module=CoreAdminHome&action=optOut&language=en"></iframe>

To get in touch with the administrators of this website, please contact: [in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org](mailto:in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org).

### B. Publishing Information related to Open Educational Resources on the OER World Map

#### Registration via Username and Password
You can register at this website to provide and publish information related to Open Educational Ressources. 

When registering you can chose a username and a password, the latter is stored only in a hashed format, which allows us to verify that the correct password has been entered, but does not allow us to get access to the password itself, once the registration was successful. 

#### All other information is public 
Please be aware that all other information besides the password you may want to provide on the corresponding interfaces will be made pubicly available via the OER World Map. This includes your contact details, which will be made available to allow others to get in touch with you. 

No information is mandatory. By registering you also express consent to publish any further information you provide. The categories, where you can provide information include, but are not limited to:
- a link to your homepage
- a biography
- a link to a picture
- your e-mail address
- further address details
- your affiliation
- stories, projects, events etc. 

You can view, change, and delete the information at any later point in time. In order to delete your profile, please send us a mail to [in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org](mailto:in&#102;o&#64;oerw&#111;&#114;ldma&#112;&#46;org).

#### Logging of Activities as a registered user to improve the service
Your activities are logged and processed to further improve the service. This logging includes the 
- time and date of the activity, 
- as well as the content and 
- a reference to your user account. 

This information can be deleted upon request.

### C. Newsletter

Via this website you can also register for a newsletter and contribute to the country stats, which we maintain. In this case, you will have to consent to the following:

OER World Map and the corresponding newsletter is a service by the Hochschulbibliothekszentrum des Landes Nordrhein-Westfalen (hbz), Jülicher Str. 6, 50674 Köln, Germany.

You are giving your consent to processing your email address solely for the purpose of sending you irregular updates on progress of the OER Wold Map and related projects (newsletter).

- hbz will not transfer the email address we have received for newsletters to any third party, except for the purpose of sending out the newsletter, where we may work with a specialised provider contracted by us.
- You can, of course, unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time via email to [&#111;&#101;&#114;worl&#100;map-&#110;&#101;w&#115;-leave&#64;list&#101;n&#46;hbz-nrw&#46;d&#101;](mailto:&#111;&#101;&#114;worl&#100;map-&#110;&#101;w&#115;-leave&#64;list&#101;n&#46;hbz-nrw&#46;d&#101;), or by following the instructions provided at the bottom of each newsletter. After unsubscribing, your email address will be removed from the system.
- You will receive a first e-mail that requires you to confirm your subscription. We do this to avoid people registering other people and spelling errors. The system will await a confirmation for two weeks, during which the email address is temporarily stored, after this period the e-mail address will permanently be removed from our system.

We may invite you to provide this and any further information for future phases of the OER Wold Map, but will ask for your consent for these processes separately in the future.

Your country of residence is also processed, but solely to provide an indication of activity for each country on the OER World Map.

D. Versions
This is the second version of this policy (2.0) as of June 29th 2016. The previous version (1.0) can be found here.
