---
title: Terms of Service
---

Overview:

1. [Imprint](#imprint)
2. [Liability / Haftung](#liability)
3. [Privacy policy](#privacy)
    1. [Accessing the content of the OER World Map](#privacy-access)
    2. [Privacy when publishing Information related to Open Educational Resources on the OER World Map](#privacy-publish)
    3. [Newsletter](#privacy-newsletter)
4. [Copyright](#copyright)
    1. [CC0 except where otherwise noted](#cc0)
    2. [Other licenses, e.g. for stories, fonts and maps](#other-licenses)
5. [Versions](#versions)

In case of any questions of requests please do not hesitate to get in touch with the administrators of this website directly via [info@oerworldmap.org](mailto:info@oerworldmap.org).

<h2 id="imprint">1. Imprint</h2>

OER World Map is operated under German Law by the Hochschulbibliothekszentrum des Landes Nordrhein-Westfalen (hbz), Jülicher Str. 6 50674 Köln Deutschland, Tel.: +49 221 400 75-0 Fax.: +49 221 4 00 75-180, E-Mail: info-hbz@hbz-nrw.de Internet: http://www.hbz-nrw.de ISIL: DE-605, Umsatzsteuer-Identifikations-Nummer: DE 123486775. Das Hochschulbibliothekszentrum des Landes Nordrhein-Westfalen ist eine Einrichtung des öffentlichen Rechts. Es wird gesetzlich vertreten durch Dr. Silke Schomburg (Leiterin). Das hbz untersteht der Dienst- und Fachaufsicht des Ministeriums für Kultur und Wissenschaft des Landes Nordrhein-Westfalen. Inhaltliche Verantwortung gem. § 55 Abs. 2 RStV: Dr. Silke Schomburg.

<h2 id="liability">2. Liability / Haftung</h2>

OER World Map itself does not curate or check the content provided by its users. It is solely providing the tools for the publication. The content itself is thus provided under the responsibility of the respective users. Should you encounter any content, that does or might infringe with your or the copyright of others, please send an email to [info@oerworldmap.org](mailto:info@oerworldmap.org). In accordance with § 10 TMG the providers of this site will immediately take down the respective content, should the claim be sufficiently substantiated.

<h2 id="privacy">3. Privacy policy</h2>

OER World Map is a collection of free services by the Hochschulbibliothekszentrum des Landes Nordrhein-Westfalen (hbz), Jülicher Str. 6, 50674 Köln, Germany. OER World Map is committed to privacy by design and complies with German data protection legislation.
OER World Map allows you to

- access its content (i.), where we also do some analytics include external service providers,
- register as a member of our community, so you can publish information on the OER World Map (ii.)
- register for our newsletter (iii.)
Depending on your use of the OER World Map different sets of data may be stored, as is described below.


<h3 id="privacy-access">i. Accessing the content of the OER World Map</h3>

#### a) Providing the content

For providing the contents of OER World Map to you, our server will process your

- IP address
- Browsertype and -version
- Operating system.

#### b) IT-Security

Solely for the purpose of handling security incidents, this web page automatically stores a log file of the data, which your browser sends when visiting the page, specifically:

- IP-Address
- Browsertype and -version
- Operating system
- Referrer URL (the page, from which this page was linked, including the search term, in case of a search engine)
- Time and date of the request.

#### c) Web analytics

This website uses [Piwik](https://piwik.org/), a web analytics open-source software. Piwik uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address anonymized prior to its storage) will be stored on the server of the service provider in Germany. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
You may choose not to have a unique web analytics cookie identification number assigned to your computer to avoid the aggregation and analysis of data collected on this website. To make that choice, please click below to receive an opt-out cookie, which is a small file that resides within your browser and indicates that you opted-out, anytime you are accessing OER World Map from this browser.

<iframe style="border: 0; height: 200px; width: 600px;" src="https://porphyrion.hbz-nrw.de/piwik/index.php?module=CoreAdminHome&action=optOut&language=en"></iframe>

#### d) Content provided by Mapbox Inc.

Parts of the maps shown when accessing OER World Map are provided by Mapbox Inc., 1714 14th Street NW, Washington, DC 20009-4309, United States. See https://www.mapbox.com/privacy/.

<h3 id="privacy-publish">ii. Privacy when publishing Information related to Open Educational Resources and Open Education on OER World Map</h3>

#### a) Registration via Username and Password

You can register at this website to provide and publish information related to Open Educational Resources and Open Education. By doing so, you explicitly agree to the following:

> When registering you can choose a username and a password, the latter is stored only in a hashed format, which allows us to verify that the correct password has been entered, but does not allow us to get access to the password itself, once the registration was successful.

#### b) All other information is public

Please be aware that all other information besides the password you may want to provide on the corresponding interfaces will be made publicly available via the OER World Map. This includes your contact details, which will be made available to allow others to get in touch with you.

No information except username, password and country is mandatory. By registering you also express consent to publish any further information you provide. The categories, where you can provide information include, but are not limited to:

- a link to your homepage
- a biography
- a link to a picture
- your e-mail address
- further address details
- your affiliation
- stories, projects, events etc.

You can view, change, and delete the information at any later point in time. In order to delete your profile, please  go to your profile/gear-icon/delete.

#### c) Logging of Activities as a registered user to improve the service
Your activities are logged and processed to further improve the service, as well as to prove that you have claimed to have the necessary rights for the publication.

This logging includes the

- time and date of the activity,
- as well as the content and
- a reference to your user account.

This information can be deleted upon request.

<h3 id=privacy-newsletter>iii. Newsletter</h3>

Via this website you can also register for a newsletter which we maintain. In this case, you will have to consent to the following:

- OER World Map and the corresponding newsletter is a service by the Hochschulbibliothekszentrum des Landes Nordrhein-Westfalen (hbz), Jülicher Str. 6, 50674 Köln, Germany. You are giving your consent to processing your e-mail address solely for the purpose of sending you irregular updates on progress of the OER Wold Map and related projects (newsletter).
- hbz will not transfer the e-mail address we have received for newsletters to any third party, except for the purpose of sending out the newsletter, where we may work with a specialized provider contracted by us.
- You can, of course, unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time via e-mail to oerworldmap-news-leave@listen.hbz-nrw.de, or by following the instructions provided at the bottom of each newsletter. After unsubscribing, your e-mail address will be removed from the system.
- You will receive a first e-mail that requires you to confirm your subscription. We do this to avoid people registering other people and spelling errors. The system will await a confirmation for two weeks, during which the e-mail address is temporarily stored, after this period the e-mail address will permanently be removed from our system.

<h2 id="copyright">4. Copyright</h2>

OER World Map is a platform for sharing and publishing information on Open Educational Resources and Open Education.

<h3 id="cc0">i. CC0 except where otherwise noted</h3>

We are committed to publishing content, which is dedicated to the Public Domain. We therefore encourage the use of application of [CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.en) Public Domain Dedication and license fallback from the Creative Commons tool set.

If you are providing content to OER World Map, we ask for content to be provided under the condition that you can assure anybody using the content, that the person who associated a work with this deed has dedicated the work to the public domain.
This may be achieved by waiving all of his or her rights to the work worldwide under copyright law, including all related and neighboring rights, to the extent allowed by law.

Anybody may copy, modify, distribute and perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking for permission. See Other Information below.

**Other Information**

- In no way are the patent or trademark rights of any person affected by CC0, nor are the rights that other persons may have in the work or in how the work is used, such as publicity or privacy rights.
- Unless expressly stated otherwise, the person who associated a work with this deed makes no warranties about the work, and disclaims liability for all uses of the work, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
- When using or citing the work, you should not imply endorsement by the author or the affirmer.

<h3 id="other-licenses">ii. Other licenses, e.g. for stories, fonts and maps</h3>

In some cases, a different license may be applied. In those cases we ask to ensure, that the necessary attribution and reference to the license is given.

- For example in the case for content provided in our “Stories”-section, it is possible to reuse works published under other licenses, provided the conditions of these licenses are met.
- The fonts used on this website, namely "Font Awesome" by Dave Gandy, http://fontawesome.io, "SourceSansPro-Regular" by Paul D. Hunt, and "Economica-Regular" by Vicente Lamónaca are licensed under the SIL OPEN FONT LICENSE Version 1.1 - 26 February 2007, cf. http://scripts.sil.org/OFL_web.
- The maps used on this website are partly provided by Mapbox Inc. For the respective license terms see especially: https://www.mapbox.com/about/maps/ and https://www.mapbox.com/tos/ as well as the attribution provided on each map.

<h2 id="versions">5. Versions</h2>

This is the third version of our Privacy Policy and Terms of service (version 3.0) as of May 2nd 2017. The previous versions  can be found [here](https://github.com/hbz/oerworldmap/blob/446369a86a846347bdc1f338b6ed5324027e5c52/public/pages/Imprint.md) (2.0) and [here](https://github.com/hbz/oerworldmap/blob/e14aa22df3ebecd6f659f63e0f5e3e991a3aef8e/public/pages/Imprint.md) (1.0).
